Hello everyone and welcome to this lecture.
I'm super excited because now we're getting closer to actually predict our specific prices for the avocado.
For that specific reason.
OK so what I want you guys to do which is you know a little bit of a challenge.
OK.
That's kind of maybe it might be a little bit you know like like longer challenge.
I want you guys to pause the video OK and make an attempt to actually predict the data.
So now I want just want you guys to go ahead repeat the exact same steps as we have done before.
So we can go up here.
I want you guys to first instantiate first of all change the name.
So we need to change the name of the column.
So here that is naming.
So pretty much everything is the same here.
Just this this instead of having the avocado profit the f we're going to do the avocado def sample which
is only specific for a specific region.
You let's recall let's do this.
I want you guys afterwards to do the profit to do the fit make predictions and plot the data.
All right.
Peace pause the video and I'll see you guys after the challenge.
Hope you guys were able to figure out the challenge yourself.
Let's go ahead and see what we could do here.
All right.
Well we could do going to say first of all we need to rename the columns.
Right.
So going to say avocado on the score def on the score sample that rename.
We're going to pass along our column equals to get a pass along our date and we're going to pass along
our D.S..
Right.
And we're going to here rename as well if you wanted to rename our average price.
So when I say average price we're going to rename it to why.
All right.
Looks good.
That's an actual I'm going to get here.
We're going to just put it into the sample again
so it looks good.
Let's take a look at it.
OK.
Looks good.
So we have now we have D.S. and we have Y.
Right.
OK.
Looks good.
So what we need to do that we need to go ahead and actually start to make making predictions.
All right.
Obviously what we could do as well is that we can we need to drop all these columns right.
Actually we can.
We need to do that beforehand if we want it to.
OK.
So he was sort of by region and actually missed.
Let's make it.
Let's give it a shot.
That's actually speed all that data into our profit and see what's going to happen and say Okay m equals
to Prophet.
Let's instantiate an object and let's go say Okay m dot fits and we're going to pass along.
Actually going to need that's going to use it several times
Strawn It's okay.
Looks good.
All right.
And let's go ahead and make predictions.
Let's look into the future.
Future equals to m dots make underscore futures.
The score data frame.
Right.
And we can specify our period equals to three hundred and sixty five.
And then afterwards we're going to use the predict.
So going to say forecast equals to m dot.
Predict that we'll look into the future and we're going to pass along our future.
All right let's run.
That's OK.
There's an error.
So here I'm saying m dot make underscore future data frame periods so there's periods here.
Let's run it seeking a bit of why it looks good
afterwards we're gonna go ahead so now it's done.
Actually if you guys realize it took a little bit shorter than before why.
Because we're only working on a subset of data and they'll actually appear when we actually start plotting
the data too.
So let's go ahead.
Going to take a figure equals to m dot plots and I'm gonna say let's plot the forecast and it's plot
x label equals to date and let's plot the Y label equals to our price already.
Let's run that.
All right looks perfect.
So this is a data that's our data points right.
That's our trend in here.
And if these guys take a look here you find the data points topped here.
Right.
So the data points taut and that's what basically the prediction is doing.
Prediction is saying OK this is the prediction for the price for that specific region.
OK guys try to go ahead here and try to compare it to before you will find that the trend actually differs
here is the trend you know looks like it's slid a little bit like going down.
That's over the over the entire market right over the overall data that we have.
However here the data looks like it's going you know maybe a little bit trending up a little bit the
is going to be down but it's going up here measure and measure.
Which means it's not haphazard.
OK.
These like these like the profit thing is not it's not it's not like you know random you know random
operations actually has a lot of mathematics behind it has a lot of smartness behind it.
OK let's go ahead and let's plot components or to say m dot plot underscore components.
And I'm gonna say forecast and that will going to be let's say my figure in here.
Let's run it's beautiful.
Together you can see the trend is going up.
So you're expecting for that specific reason the price will reach point one point seven dollars.
And that's the yearly trend.
So it seems like the yearly trend goes here you know up at around July goes peaks and then goes down
back afterwards to January.
All right.
And that concludes the case study and that concludes our project.
I hope you guys enjoy that project and see you guys in the next project.